Hi everyone, let's go ahead and
take a look back at what
we've done in this lesson.
So, first off,
we started defining the VoIP app that
we've been talking about, Linphone.
>> Yeah, we talked about it a little bit,
explained why it's a good app
to at least choose right now for
the various platforms you'll be using,
especially since it's open source.
>> Right.
Then we went over some of
the Linphone features,
just like the main features that
we thought were interesting.
We got them off their website and kind of
hand picked some features that we thought
would be good for your application.
>> Yeah, why is Linphone so attractive?
Why did we want it?
Why even choose something else?
>> Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
>> And then, we showed you how to set
up the Linphone on your own device.
Because, maybe you don't know how
to do it without Google Play Store.
>> Yeah, so Randy walked you through
getting the APK through your Android OS,
on your DragonBoard, you can just go
to the, I think it's Firefox browser.
>> Yeah.
>> And just go to the website on Linphone,
just click the APK thing,
download an installer, double-click that,
you're all set.
>> Yeah.
>> Ubuntu version,
it's kind of self-explanatory but
you know,
you've seen stuff like this
throughout the other courses.
You could follow our
setup on this as well.
And then we just walked you through
some of the essentials, you know,
the high level user interface-
>> Right.
>> Of the mobile version of Linphone.
>> Yeah.
>> So, we hope you enjoyed it.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And, you know, from here, we're gonna
start going a little bit more in-depth on
>> On SIP.
And hopefully,
eventually get you to build your own,
>> Yeah, your own SIP application,
your VoIP application.
>> Yeah, your own VoIP application
coming up soon in the modules to come.
So, we'll see you soon.